Graduate Node-specific Volume Limits to GA (#17432)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/storage-limits.md

## Custom limits

You can change the limits for in-tree volumes by setting the value of the
`KUBE_MAX_PD_VOLS` environment variable, and then starting the scheduler.

It is recommended that CSI drivers allow for customization of volume limits
as well. That way cluster administrators can distribute the limits of the
same storage backends (e.g. iSCSI) accross different drivers, according to

> their individual needs.

Author: @gnufied can you take a look at this?

Reviewer: I think this should be documented in - https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/csi-node-object.html and not here because these are mostly user facing docs.

Author: Makes sense. Removed

You can change these limits by setting the value of the
`KUBE_MAX_PD_VOLS` environment variable, and then starting the scheduler.

> CSI drivers might have a diferent procedure, see their documentation

Reviewer 2: typo: different

Author: Fixed

## Dynamic volume limits

{{< feature-state state="stable" for_k8s_version="v1.17" >}}

> Support for dynamic volume limits was introduced as an Alpha feature in Kubernetes 1.11.

Reviewer 3: Now that the feature is stable, it's (IMO) OK to omit the history. Readers can look at the v1.16 docs (one before the version it went GA) if they are interested.

Author: Re-worded, PTAL

## Dynamic volume limits

{{< feature-state state="stable" for_k8s_version="v1.17" >}}

> Support for dynamic volume limits in Kubernetes 1.17 has been declared stable.

Reviewer 3: You can omit this line: the feature-state shortcode says the same thing.

Author: Removed

* On Azure, up to 64 disks can be attached to a node, depending on the node type. For more details, refer to [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/sizes).

> * For CSI, any driver that advertises the maximum number of volumes for the node via CSI specs will have those limits respected by the Scheduler.

Reviewer 3: I tried to phrase this in the active voice (also tweaking the meaning):
```suggestion
* If a CSI storage driver advertises a maximum number of volumes for a Node (using `NodeGetInfo`), the {{< glossary_tooltip text="kube-scheduler" term_id="kube-scheduler" >}} honors that limit.
```

Author: :+1:

> Refer to the [CSI specs](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md#nodegetinfo) for more details.

Reviewer 3: “specs” is a little like jargon, so I suggest:
```suggestion
Refer to the [CSI specifications](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md#nodegetinfo) for details.
```

Author: Done
